README.md, before:

# MessengerCraft

<div align="center">
  
<img src="https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/MessengerCraft/blob/main/public/logo-no-bg.png" alt="MessengerCraft Logo" style="width: 120px; height: auto;">

**A modern messaging platform with advanced features including AI integration, group planning tools, and end-to-end encryption.**

[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft?style=social)](https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft/stargazers)
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft)](https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft/issues)
[![GitHub Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft)](https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft/pulls)
[![GitHub package.json version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/adharshgamingyt/MessengerCraft)](#)
[![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft)](#)
[![GitHub Downloads (all assets, all releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/adharshgamingyt/MessengerCraft/total)](https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/MessengerCraft/releases)
![CodeRabbit Pull Request Reviews](https://img.shields.io/coderabbit/prs/github/adharshgamingyt/MessengerCraft?utm_source=oss&utm_medium=github&utm_campaign=adharshgamingyt%2FMessengerCraft&labelColor=171717&color=FF570A&link=https%3A%2F%2Fcoderabbit.ai&label=CodeRabbit+Reviews)

[Demo](https://example.com) | [Documentation](https://example.com/docs) | [Report Bug](https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft/issues) | [Request Feature](https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft/issues)

</div>

## ✨ Features

- **Real-time Messaging** - Seamless communication with friends and groups
- **AI Integration** - Smart replies and content suggestions powered by AI
- **Group Planning Tools** - Calendar integration, polls, and event scheduling
- **End-to-End Encryption** - Secure messaging that protects your privacy
- **Cross-Platform** - Available on web, iOS, and Android
- **File Sharing** - Easily share media and documents
- **Custom Themes** - Personalize your messaging experience

## 📊 Project Status

MessengerCraft is currently in active development. We're working hard to bring more features and improvements!

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

```bash
node >= 16.0.0
npm >= 8.0.0
bun >= 1.2
```

### Installation

1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft.git
cd messengercraft
```

2. Install dependencies

```bash
bun install
```

3. Start the development server

```bash
bun run dev
```

## 📷 Screenshots

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://via.placeholder.com/400x200" alt="MessengerCraft Screenshot 1" />
  <img src="https://via.placeholder.com/400x200" alt="MessengerCraft Screenshot 2" />
</div>

## 🛣️ Roadmap

- [ ] Voice and video calling
- [ ] Message scheduling
- [ ] Read receipts
- [ ] Advanced AI chatbot integration
- [ ] Self-destructing messages
- [ ] Expanded language support
- [ ] Desktop applications

- [ ] Expected alpha release data: 2026 - 27
- [ ] Expected alpha for mobile: 2027 - 28

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

See [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## 📃 License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) for more information.

## 👥 Authors

- [@adharsh](https://github.com/adharshgamingyt) - _**Owner**_ / _**Founder**_

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

MessengerCraft stands on the shoulders of these amazing open-source projects

Special Thanks:

- The entire open-source community for their contributions
- Our early adopters and beta testers
- All contributors who helped shape MessengerCraft

We're grateful to all the maintainers of these projects that make MessengerCraft possible.

## 📞 Contact

[![GitHub Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MessengerCraft-000000?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/MessengerCraft)

## Top Contributors

<a href="https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/MessengerCraft/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=adharshgamingyt/MessengerCraft" />
</a>
<br/>
<br/>
Thanks to contrib - https://contrib.rocks which allow me to display Top Contributors Here.

Commit message:

Update README with project delay information
Added note about potential project delays due to solo work and studies.

Signed-off-by: adharsh <lordgamingyt648@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# MessengerCraft

<div align="center">
  
<img src="https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/MessengerCraft/blob/main/public/logo-no-bg.png" alt="MessengerCraft Logo" style="width: 120px; height: auto;">

**A modern messaging platform with advanced features including AI integration, group planning tools, and end-to-end encryption.**

[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft?style=social)](https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft/stargazers)
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft)](https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft/issues)
[![GitHub Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft)](https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft/pulls)
[![GitHub package.json version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/adharshgamingyt/MessengerCraft)](#)
[![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft)](#)
[![GitHub Downloads (all assets, all releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/adharshgamingyt/MessengerCraft/total)](https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/MessengerCraft/releases)
![CodeRabbit Pull Request Reviews](https://img.shields.io/coderabbit/prs/github/adharshgamingyt/MessengerCraft?utm_source=oss&utm_medium=github&utm_campaign=adharshgamingyt%2FMessengerCraft&labelColor=171717&color=FF570A&link=https%3A%2F%2Fcoderabbit.ai&label=CodeRabbit+Reviews)

[Demo](https://example.com) | [Documentation](https://example.com/docs) | [Report Bug](https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft/issues) | [Request Feature](https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft/issues)

</div>

## ✨ Features

- **Real-time Messaging** - Seamless communication with friends and groups
- **AI Integration** - Smart replies and content suggestions powered by AI
- **Group Planning Tools** - Calendar integration, polls, and event scheduling
- **End-to-End Encryption** - Secure messaging that protects your privacy
- **Cross-Platform** - Available on web, iOS, and Android
- **File Sharing** - Easily share media and documents
- **Custom Themes** - Personalize your messaging experience

## 📊 Project Status

MessengerCraft is currently in active development. We're working hard to bring more features and improvements!

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

```bash
node >= 16.0.0
npm >= 8.0.0
bun >= 1.2
```

### Installation

1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/messengercraft.git
cd messengercraft
```

2. Install dependencies

```bash
bun install
```

3. Start the development server

```bash
bun run dev
```

## 📷 Screenshots

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://via.placeholder.com/400x200" alt="MessengerCraft Screenshot 1" />
  <img src="https://via.placeholder.com/400x200" alt="MessengerCraft Screenshot 2" />
</div>

## 🛣️ Roadmap

- [ ] Voice and video calling
- [ ] Message scheduling
- [ ] Read receipts
- [ ] Advanced AI chatbot integration
- [ ] Self-destructing messages
- [ ] Expanded language support
- [ ] Desktop applications

> Project maybe delayed cause of solo work along with studys without supports
- [ ] Expected alpha release data: 2026 - 27
- [ ] Expected alpha for mobile: 2027 - 28

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

See [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## 📃 License

Distributed under the MIT License. See [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) for more information.

## 👥 Authors

- [@adharsh](https://github.com/adharshgamingyt) - _**Owner**_ / _**Founder**_

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

MessengerCraft stands on the shoulders of these amazing open-source projects

Special Thanks:

- The entire open-source community for their contributions
- Our early adopters and beta testers
- All contributors who helped shape MessengerCraft

We're grateful to all the maintainers of these projects that make MessengerCraft possible.

## 📞 Contact

[![GitHub Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MessengerCraft-000000?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/MessengerCraft)

## Top Contributors

<a href="https://github.com/adharshgamingyt/MessengerCraft/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=adharshgamingyt/MessengerCraft" />
</a>
<br/>
<br/>
Thanks to contrib - https://contrib.rocks which allow me to display Top Contributors Here.
